docs: add az keyvault user guide (#352)
arcus-azure/arcus.security: docs/preview/02-Guides/add-secret-store-with-keyvault-integration.md

```csharp
using Arcus.Security.Core.Caching.Configuration;

public class Program
{
    public static void Main(string[] args)
    {
        WebApplicationBuilder builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);
        builder.Configuration.AddJsonFile("appsettings.json");

        builder.Host.ConfigureSecretStore((configuration, stores) =>
        {
            string vaultUri = configuration["Azure:KeyVault:VaultUri"];
            stores.AddAzureKeyVaultWithManagedIdentity(vaultUri, CacheConfiguration.Default);
        });

        WebApplication app = builder.Build();
        app.UseRouting();
        app.Run();
    }
}
```

> Note that during the configuration of the secret store, you will be able to access the application configuration; in this case it is used to retrieve the URI where the Azure Key Vault is located.

### 3. Inject the Arcus secret store in application
Now that the Arcus secret store is added and configured to the application, the application can use it to retrieve it secrets. The Arcus secret store is accessible throughout the application via the `ISecretProvider` interface - combining all the configured secret providers.

> In the `OrderController`, inject this interface to retrieve the Azure Service Bus connection string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `OrderController`, inject the `ISecretProvider` interface via the constructor.  The `ISecretProvider` will allow you to retrieve the Azure Service Bus connection string from the secret store.
```

Author: Is good! Thx. 👍
